Prelanding/fix binary data (#760)
telefonicaid/iotagent-json: docs/usermanual.md

`/iot/json/attrs/<attributeName>` and the previously explained query parameters.

In this case, sending a single measure, there is possible to send other kinds of payloads like `text/plain` and
`application/octet-stream`, not just `application/json`. In case of using `application/octet-stream`, data will be 
treated as binary data, saved in the attribute maped as hex string. I.E:

> For a measure sent to `/iot/json/attrs/attrHex` with value `hi` the resulting attribute value persisten in the context
> broker will be:
> 
> ```json
> {
>     ...
>     "attrHex":"6869"
>     ...
> }
> ```
> 
> Which `68` correspond to the character `h` and `69` corresponds to `i`  ASCII enconded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a measure sent to `/iot/json/attrs/attrHex` with value `hello` the resulting attribute value persisten in the context
broker will be:

```json
{
    ...
    "attrHex":"68656c6c6f"
    ...
}
```

where `68` corresponds to the character `h`, `65` corresponds to `e`, `6c` corresponds to `l` and `6f` corresponds to `o` in ASCII code.
```
